is demolition on our future after the
coronavirus stick around and I'll
explain how maybe the demolition man and
the three seashells are a prediction of
our own future we're police officers
we're trained for this kind of violence
Demolition Man is 1993 science fiction
action film directed by Mark Cobra Mila
in his directorial debut the film star
Sylvester Sloan and Wesley Snipes with
the stunning Sandra Bullock the film
tells the story of two men the first an
evil crime lord trade by the charismatic
Wesley Snipes going by the name of Simon
Phoenix and a risk-taking police officer
played by none other than rocky Rambo
themselves Sylvester Stallone known as
John Spartan both of which were
cryogenically frozen in 1996 their
reanimated in 2032 to find mainstream
society change an all crime seemingly
eliminated what madness is this
in 1996 psychopathic career criminal
Simon Phoenix kidnaps a number of
hostages it takes refuge with his gang
in an abandoned building
LAPD tough months sergeant John Spartan
uses a thermal scan of the building
after finding no trace of the hostages
he leads an unauthorized assault to
capture Phoenix at which point Phoenix
sets off a series of explosives that
demolishes the building after Phoenix's
apprehension the hostages cops are found
in the rubble Phoenix claims Spartan
knew about the hostages and attacked
anyway both men incarcerated in the
city's new California cryo penitentiary
where they are cryogenically frozen and
exposed subliminal rehabilitation 'el
techniques a scary prospect I'm sure
2032 Phoenix is thought for a parole
hearing at which point he escapes after
autumn in a secret password without
knowing exactly how he had gained such
knowledge lieutenant Lenina Huxley
portrayed by Sandra Bullock who loves
everything night is his Spartan thorn to
help stop Phoenix she explains the
Spartan that Sun Angeles a metropolitan
bind the former Los Angeles San Diego
and Santa Barbara is now a peaceful
utopia and the police no longer equipped
deal with vial
crime something Spartan will have no
issue in addressing Spartan fines the
new future both depressing and
oppressive where human behaviors tire
control physical contacts and swearing
are illegal and anything else team bad
is also banned including drugs
cigarettes and intoxication and
something we are all struggling with it
the minute is that they don't use toilet
paper something we can't even find in
the stores at present and use the three
seashells instead you've got this little
shelf with three seashells and if I can
figure out how they work I'll let you
know on top of this most others on the
police force find Sparta's behavior both
brutish and uncivilized spartan using
his previous knowledge anticipates that
Phoenix will attempt to secure firearms
in which he and Hawksley head to a
museum and find Phoenix already there
and already committing a large number of
em decays or as they like to know in the
future murder death kills after a
thrilling fight scene between Phoenix
and Spartan Phoenix escapes armed to the
teeth and encounters dr. Raymond Cocteau
even jealous persuader pacifist who has
been running salon Angeles since the
great earthquake of 2010 I think I must
miss that one in his confusion Phoenix
finds that he's unable to shoot Cocteau
who reveals that he had orchestrated
Phoenix's escape all along after a
safety measure Cocteau implanted a
command that prevented Phoenix from
harming him and the reason Cocteau wants
Phoenix help is to assassinate Edgar
friendly played by Denis Leary the
leader of resistance group called the
scraps that rebels against society
wanting to live the old way and forced
to live underground
due to the mass amount of security in
CCTV in the year 2032 very similar to
our own will now both Spartan Hawks they
are able to witness this exchange
between Phoenix and Cocteau on security
cameras causing them to review the
cryoprison records to their shock may
find that Phoenix's rehabilitation
program has been replaced with both
combat training programs and the
information necessary for his escape
Sparta meets with the scraps in time to
ward off an attack by Phoenix and other
criminals who have been thawed out cryo
sleep to help assassinate friendly
Phoenix taunts Spartan gloating that he
is actual fact and killed the 1996
hostages before setting off the bomb and
Spartan has therefore spent 36 years in
prison for no reason not knowing if his
daughter is indeed alive or not and that
his wife had passed you in the great
earthquake in 2010 from here Phoenix
goes on to escape and Sparta is able to
arm himself with help from the scraps
who are now on friendly terms with all
Spartan and Huxley even to the extent
that sparce enjoys the local cuisine
with what he believes to be a beef
burger which in fact turns out to be a
rat burger something he finds very
appetizing while having a cold beer hell
in this world I'd rather be with the
scraps on the ground as well after
Phoenix escapes he returns to dr.
Cocteau with his man and as one of them
kill Cocteau what we felt with still the
same safety measures into their
rehabilitation they then returned to the
cryoprison begin to pour out even more
convicts to try and take over son Andre
from here Spartan enters the prison
alone to fight Phoenix despite Huxley's
insistence that she should have company
him heavily damaging the facility in the
process he uses the cryogenic chemical
to freeze and kill Phoenix with one of
the worst possible choices for a wall
lining yet
[Music]
Guardian so many more repair options
here
Spartan finally escapes the prisoners
explodes taking all the encapsulated
criminals in the explosion and what a
poor explosion it was consuming how
intense the explosion was at the start
of the film from here the police feared
the loss of both cops holding the
cryoprison will end society as they know
it's something I think we should but
luckily for a Spartan suggests that they
and the scraps work together to combine
the best aspects of both orders and
personal freedom to create a better
world you were likely and somewhere in
the middle demolition man is everything
you come to expect of 90s action films
funny great action and surprisingly a
doubt fine acting all around even the
small role in which Rob Schneider plays
officer Irwin is played to a good level
we're police officers we're trained for
this kind of violence
well as far as a rush Schneider role
goes anyway did you AMA to put the key
in the bag throw one of his lesser-known
role Sylvester Sloan plays the role of
John Spartan to an amazing level he's
rocky and Rambo rolled into one
he's the nineties action hero in every
way and then you have Wesley Snipes
a man who was on some amazing roles over
the years produce some stunning moments
in film yet plain salmon feelings he
felt as though he was in his element
witty funny and exciting all the
characteristics of Simon Felix at least
for me he'll be remembered as one of the
nineties best villains because of this
Sandra Bullock is one of the greatest
female actors of all time
she's got everything about her and still
to this day can perform at the top level
whether it be comedy or drama here is no
different
Lenina Huxley sweet naive while also
deadly at the same time damn what a
woman and what an actress
[Music]
and then we have Denis Leary plain Edgar
friendly Danny's plays Edgar how he
plays every other role he ever place
with a few damn fine speeches to move I
don't think I'd want him in any other
way but at least not in the nineties
anyway so we can kiss my ass
yeah that's right you tell Cocteau it's
gonna take an army [ __ ] to get rid
of me because I don't give a [ __ ] I got
nothing to lose
so guys before I give my final score if
you enjoyed the video why not smash that
like button from regular movie reviews
and why not hit the bell icon to be made
aware every time I upload a new video
and this isn't just about me why don't
you take the time to comment below what
you think demolition ma'am but also let
me know what film you want me to review
next I can't wait to see all of your
suggestions down below demolition man is
a fun action film
it's got good acting good action its
light-hearted and torchy and it's
enjoyable 90s in which you can sit back
not think about what's happening too
much and have a good time and now I'll
have to do is figure out how the three
seashells work and I'll be set for life
also I love hearing Spartans shouting
three decks I'm pretty sure this was
intended by Sylvester to say penis in
the film just listen hold you anyway
guys after all this irate demolition man
a solid 8.5 out of 10 90s fantastic
madness it's a brilliant film and look
at how our future could potentially be
the coronavirus has changed our world
forever to some degree lacking
demolition mode natural disasters change
the world society can pull together to
change the world moving forward and for
the right reasons so guys don't forget
to smash that like button I'll see you
all in the next of you
take care